README.md, before:

# displayset - A simple display auto-setup script using xrandr

This script loads configurations for displays, from \*.cfg files located in /etc/displayset/ directory (or the one passed as --cfg-path or -p).

Runs xrandr with pre-defined args along with custom commands (setting wallpaper or anything else) if matching display EDID on given output is connected.

Comes with an optional udev rule to be launched at each display event (needs displayset to be installed as /usr/bin/displayset). 
*!! If you have an NVIDIA card, do not forget to activate KMS / modeset if using the proprietary NVIDIA driver as follows, or the udev rule won't work (driver will not trigger events)*
Add the following line to your nvidia modprobe config file (typically /etc/modprobe.d/nvidia.conf)
``` bash
options nvidia_drm modeset=1
```
The driver name *nvidia_drm* name may change between distros. *nvidia_drm* is the driver name in Arch.

To run it at startup with LightDM, add to /etc/lightdm.conf :
display-setup-script=<path/to/displayset>

Usefull with tiling / minimalist window managers (i3, awesome, dwm, XMonad, Openbox, etc...)

### Configuration format

Configuration is easy : each of the following keys accept a value on the following line(s).
A blank line is the end of the current value and start for searching a new one.

See the example config in sample folder.

OUTPUT: Following line is the output to configure (xrandr output name).
Must match connected display output.

EDID: Following lines is the display EDID (as given by xrandr --props).
Must match connected display EDID (allow different configs for different displays on same output).

ARGS: Arguments to setup the display for xrandr (without the --output arg, auto-generated by displayset).

CUSTOM: Following lines are custom commands to run after xrandr ('nitrogen --restore' to set the wallpaper for example).

Commit message:

Added check DISPLAY and XAUTHORITY found before parsing configs

README.md, after:

# displayset - A simple display auto-setup script using xrandr

This script loads configurations for displays, from \*.cfg files located in /etc/displayset/ directory (or the one passed as --cfg-path or -p).

Runs xrandr with pre-defined args along with custom commands (setting wallpaper or anything else) if matching display EDID on given output is connected.

Comes with an optional udev rule to be support monitor hotplug (rule triggered at each drm event, needs displayset to be installed as /usr/bin/displayset). 
*!! If you have an NVIDIA card, do not forget to activate KMS / modeset if using the proprietary NVIDIA driver as follows, or the udev rule won't work (driver will not trigger events)*
Add the following line to your nvidia modprobe config file (typically /etc/modprobe.d/nvidia.conf)
``` bash
options nvidia_drm modeset=1
```
The driver name *nvidia_drm* name may change between distros. *nvidia_drm* is the driver name in Arch.

To run it at startup with LightDM, add to /etc/lightdm.conf :
display-setup-script=<path/to/displayset>

Usefull with tiling / minimalist window managers (i3, awesome, dwm, XMonad, Openbox, etc...)

### Configuration format

Configuration is easy : each of the following keys accept a value on the following line(s).
A blank line is the end of the current value and start for searching a new one.

See the example config in sample folder.

OUTPUT: Following line is the output to configure (xrandr output name).
Must match connected display output.

EDID: Following lines is the display EDID (as given by xrandr --props).
Must match connected display EDID (allow different configs for different displays on same output).

ARGS: Arguments to setup the display for xrandr (without the --output arg, auto-generated by displayset).

CUSTOM: Following lines are custom commands to run after xrandr ('nitrogen --restore' to set the wallpaper for example).
